this is a 2011 dodge durango citadel and
black chrome accents all around
all wheel drive dual chrome tip exhaust
back up camera
great looking luxury SUV
turn signals on the mirrors
camel leather interior with your Citadel
emblems on the front seats memory seats
power windows locks mirrors heated
outside mirrors cruise tilt on the
steering wheel integrated phone system
full touchscreen am/fm sirius satellite
radio auxiliary outlet dual climate
control ESP tow haul option heated
steering wheel there's your power button
your Park Assist does have autostick
power outlet home link where you can
integrate your garage door opener into
your vehicle so you don't have to use a
push button power liftgate power sunroof
this one does have rear entertainment
rear climate control power outlets
heated seats auxiliary output for your
video game system or DVD player does
have third row
13 miles per gallon in the city 20 on
the highway total price of this one is
49 155 also comes with a five year
100,000 mile power train warranty
again the all-new 2011 dodge durango
citadel all-wheel drive in black bloc
monday motors 574 264 1174 have a great
day